# Curvy Protocol Versions

We are gradually upgrading the Curvy protocol to support more complex, scalable, and compliant privacy features. Below is a high-level breakdown:

## Curvy v1 – Stealth Transfers (Live)

The current version of Curvy supports one-time stealth address generation, stateless detection using view tags, and private 1:1 transfers across [multiple blockchains](./wallets-and-networks.html#supported-networks). It uses dual key pairs (view and spend) for self-custody and offers optional auditability via view key sharing.

## Curvy v2 – CIR & Curvy Aggregator (Ethereum Mainnet - Coming Soon)

The second version of Curvy introduces two new, interconnected components:

-   **Curvy Intents Router (CIR)**: which enables Users to execute a set of meta-transactions (i.e. `DEPOSIT`, `WITHDRAW` ...) using the Curvy Protocol without the need for them to have Native tokens. Inside CIR, any [ERC20-compliant](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-20) token can be used. The CIR meta-transaction Set can always be expanded, allowing for greater flexibility, and added functionality.
    -   _[Development Status] Contract's code has been finalized, benchmarked, and it is currently live on Ethereum Sepolia network (Mainnet support coming soon)_


CIR is based on the [ERC-1155](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-1155) standard, with added support for meta transactions. It enables Users to do batched transfers, reducing gas costs and improving UX. Furthermore, it allows for private transfers of any ERC-20 compliant token without the need for Users to hold ETH (or any other Native token) on their Stealth Addresses, thus increasing privacy. CIR also functions as an entry point to Curvy Aggregator.

-   **Curvy Aggregator**: acts as a Privacy Pool and allows Users to privately combine and split their balances held across multiple addresses on CIR without linking those addresses together. This component heavily utilizes Zero-Knowledge (ZK) proofs generated by Curvy's custom circuits. Aggregated balances are represented as notes, which can be withdrawn to any CIR address without revealing original sources of funds.
    -   _[Development Status] Contract's code has been finalized, and it is currently live on Ethereum Sepolia network (Mainnet support coming soon)_

In both components, Users maintain full privacy and control while continuously gaining access to more advanced features.

These components **enable great UX for Curvy Users**, as they do not need to worry about where their funds are located (on Stealth Addresses, CIR or Curvy Aggregator), since switching (moving) funds between them is **seamless**.

All of this **sets the stage for Cross-Chain transfers**, allowing Users to anonymously move their funds between different blockchains without any friction.

## Curvy v3 – MPC & Shared Accounts (Planned)

The third version brings threshold signature schemes and MPC-based shared wallets to Curvy. Users will be able to co-manage stealth addresses using m-of-n signature approval, powered by Pedersen’s DKG protocol and the GG20 threshold ECDSA scheme.

This setup allows teams, DAOs, and custodians to privately manage funds together, without any single party holding the full key.
